Who digitally signed a specific part of the document?
What is the phone number of an author?
Is a specific sample derived from another sample?
What is the unique ID of an experiment step?
Is a series dependent or independent?
What is the unique identifier of the device?
What documentation is provided for a specific sample role in a technique?
What are the individual 32-bit integer values in a series?
What is the sample ID of the container in which a sample is located?
Which samples were produced in an experiment step?
Who made a specific change in the audit trail?
What is the user type of an author (human, device, software)?
What is the conversion factor for a unit to its SI base representation?
What is the increment value for an auto-incremented series?
What type of action was performed during an audit trail event (e.g., created, modified)?
Which samples were consumed in an experiment step?
What is the label of a unit?
What technique was applied in an experiment step?
What is the required data type for a series in a technique definition?
What is the version of the software?
When was a specific change made?
What is the maximum number of samples allowed for a given role in a technique definition?
What series are defined in a series set blueprint for a technique?
What role did the data from a previous experiment step play?
What is the SHA256 checksum of the technique definition file?
What changes have been recorded in the audit trail?
What role did a specific sample play in an experiment step?
What sample roles are defined as blueprints for a technique?
What is the role of an author within their organization?
What is the physical location of an author?
What was the old value of an item that was changed?
Who is the manufacturer of the device?
What is the container type for a sample?
What is the original source data location for a sample?
Which other experiment steps' data were used as input for the current step?
What is the expected dependency (independent/dependent) for a series in a technique?
What is the allowed numeric range for a parameter in a technique definition?
What are the individual string values in a series?
What is the name of an experiment step?
What is the end value of a parent data point reference?
What is the maximum number of times a specific result can occur according to its blueprint?
Is a sample with a specific role required or optional for a technique?
Are there nested experiment steps within a result?
Which series does a parent data point reference point to?
What physical quantity does a unit represent?
Which item in the document was affected by an audit trail change?
When was an experiment step performed?
What was the reason given for a change in the audit trail?
What is the start value of a parent data point reference?
What is the version of the AnIML Core Schema used in a document?
Was a sample in an experiment step inherited from a parent step?
Was the data from a referenced experiment step consumed or produced?
Is a specific result required by a technique's definition?
Who was the author of the method?
What data points from a parent result were referenced by a child experiment step?
What is the data type of the values in a series?
What is the recommended plot scale for a series?
What is the new value of an item that was changed?
On which operating system was the software running?
What is the unit of a parameter?
What software was used in the method?
What units are allowed for a specific quantity in a technique definition?
What is the firmware version of the device?
What is the URI of the technique definition used in an experiment step?
What is the email address of an author?
What parameters are defined in the method section of an experiment step?
What device was used to perform the experiment?
How many data points are in a given series set?
What literature references are cited in a technique definition?
What is the name of the method used in an experiment step?
What is the serial number of the device?
What is the ID of a specific series?
What is the name of a result?
What are the results of an experiment step?
What technique extensions were applied in an experiment step?
How is a unit defined using SI base units?
What categories of information are defined for a sample?
What parameters are defined in a category blueprint for a technique?
Is a series intended to be visible by default in a plot?
What is the data type of a parameter?
What is the name of a technique definition?
Who is the manufacturer of the software?
Is a given technique definition abstract, requiring an extension?
What is the ID of a specific template?
According to the technique blueprint, is a sample in a specific role expected to be produced or consumed?
What is the URI for a specific technique extension?
What is the start value for an auto-incremented series?
What is the barcode associated with a sample?
What is the name of a series?
What are the allowed enumerated values for a string parameter in a technique definition?
What is the URI for a cited literature reference in a technique definition?
What is the name of a series set within a result?
What is the unit associated with a series?
What is the value of a specific parameter within a result category?
What is the unique ID of a specific sample?D
What is the start index for a specific value set in a series?
What is the name of a template?
Which template was used for a specific experiment step?
Which organization is an author affiliated with?
What are the names of the result definitions specified by a technique?
What is the location of a sample within its container, if specified?
What is the defined format of a sample container, such as the number of wells in a microtiter plate?
