What experiment steps are included in a result?
what series did datapoints in infrastructure originate from?
for a parameter blueprint, what is the blueprint for the category within which the corresponding parameter resides?
for a series, what type of datapoints does it contain?
for a technique, what techniques extend it?
for a sample, which step produced it and which step consumes it?
when a sample is referenced in infrastrustructure, is that sample derived in a previous step?
which items can have signatures attached to them?
what are the different data types present in a series?
what is the first value in a series?
what actions has an author performed?
what software has been run on a device?
which parameters in a category are optional?
which parameters are common between allowed series blueprints in a series set blueprint?
which categories are sub categories
is a samples (A) container (B) produced in the same experiment step as sample (A) is consumed?
do any human authors have versions?
does a series relate to a result, method, or sample?
is a series contained in a sub category?
what is the container of an item pointed to by a reference?
which experiment steps where present in the previous version of a document?
what is the timestamp at which a sample is referenced?
which experiment steps is a technique used in?
how many samples can be in the parentdatareferenceset for an experiment before the constraints of its technqiue are violated?
for a datappoint in a series, what is the value at the equivalent position in the other series in the same serieset?
can a result share series with an experimentstep it references?
are any samples derived from derived experiment steps?
which positions in a container are occupied?
which parameters are tied to experiment steps and which are tied to samples?
which changes has software been involved in
what is the version two versions before a current version?
do an changes effect versions?
would any part of a template violate any part of the techqniue for any of the experiment steps using it?
is the any tag shared by at least two instances of different classes?
which series sets contain empty series?
what is the data type (required by the technqiue) for a series?
does a document have at least one of every relation type it can have?
is a technique both extended and an extension?
who is the author of a revision during which a series was created that violated a technique?
which pieces of infrastructure query data from their own experiment steps results?
What is the ID of the container that a sample is in?
What is the comment for an object?
What is the name and value of a tag associated with an object?
Which samples are does a container contain?
Which samples are derived?
what is the role of a reference?
what result data points are included in an infrastructure?
What is the id for referenced data?
which experiment steps are included in a result?
are experiment steps included in a result to be produced or consumed?
What is the URI of a techniqu?
What is the SHA256 checksum of a technique?
What is the phone number of an author?
What is the address of an author?
What is the id of a device?
Who is the manufacturer of a piece of software?
What is the length of a series?
For a series with auto-incremented values, what is the starting value?
For a series with auto-incremented values, what is the increment between values?
what is the numeric value of an encoded data point?
What is the offset value for a derived SI unit's definition?
What software was used to create a diff in the version history?
What was the scope of a change recorded in a diff entry (element or attributes)?
Which experiment steps is a sample used in?
which results reference a given experiment step?
which results reference a given series?
Which experiment steps make use of a specific template ID?
which techniques can an extension extend?
which extensions can an extension extend?
What are the category blueprints defined within a specific sample role blueprint?
how many experiment steps can be in an infrastructure according to a technique?
how many results can one experiment step have?
what is the documentation for an object?
how many series of a certain blueprint can occur in a set?
what are the units for a parameter?
what are the literature references for a technique?
what is the infrastructure for a template / experiment step?
what is the method for a template / expierment step?
what is the result for a template / experiment step?
what is technique for a template / experiment step?
what data types are present in a series?


